Status Certificate Review
302 – 75 St. Nicholas St., Toronto, ON
	•	The purpose of this status certificate review is not to encourage you to proceed with or cancel the transaction. The purpose is to inform you of what your lawyer views as important legal matters with respect to the condominium association and project in order to allow you to assess the risk of proceeding.

	•	This is a review of the legal highlights of the status certificate and related condominium documents. It does not include any comments on matters beyond the scope of a lawyer’s services, such as review of floor plan and layout, Building Code, planning status of the project, business/financial advice, and property management agreement.

	•	Certain facilities may be offered by the condominium (e.g.: gym, pool, etc., if any) and you agree that you have not retained me to advise you in any capacity about any benefits, restrictions, liabilities or costs in connection with these facilities.

	•	It is beyond the scope of a legal opinion to provide advice on the budget and financial statements. You understand and agree that you have not retained me to provide any advice on the budget, reserve funds and financial documents and have only been advised of a budget surplus or deficit or neither as may be indicated in the body of the status certificate.

	•	You acknowledge that it is your responsibility, where applicable, to view the parking space and locker and shared facilities to ensure that it/they are adequate and as expected.
	•	You may be required to enter into an Elevator Reservation Agreement to confirm a time to move into the unit.  Arrangements for moving must be made with the building administrator, and a deposit may be required with the booking of the elevator, which amount may be refunded provided there is no damage. You should contact the management office as soon as possible to arrange your move-in time. 

	•	On your own, please read the status certificate which describes the status of several important issues related to the condominium association and project.

	•	If you wish to cancel the contract within the status certificate contingency period pursuant to the Purchase and Sale Agreement, you must do so in writing, deliver the notice to the seller’s representative, and confirm receipt by the seller or seller’s agent.

	•	This condominium may have restrictions on lifestyle choices. There are rules related to the use of the unit and the common elements which we encourage you to read. Rules often impact lifestyle choices which are not legal issues and beyond the scope of this review. 

	•	Please send a copy of the condominium insurance binder to your insurance provider prior to closing so that you have adequate coverage for the deductibles in the condominium insurance. 

*Please note this review is based on a status certificate dated August 15, 2025.

Agreement of Purchase and Sale

Status Certificate
Property Unit
Unit 302, Level 3
Unit 2, Level 3
Parking Unit
N/A
N/A
Locker Unit
N/A
N/A
Bike Unit
N/A
N/A
Corporation
Toronto Standard Condominium Corporation No. 2444

Toronto Standard Condominium Corporation No. 2444 
Default for common element fees
N/A
Current owner is NOT IN DEFAULT


Common Assessment
$388.84
$388.84

as of September 2025.

Prepaid common expenses
N/A
None

Approximate Age of the Condominium Corporation
N/A
Year 2015
Increases of Common Expenses  
N/A
No, not since the budget has been published. 

Currently, the Condominium Corporation HAS NO knowledge of circumstances that may increase the common expenses for the unit. 

Please note that there are certain exceptions noted in this section which also includes items referred to in the Minutes of Meetings of the Board. As there are multiple legal proceedings, we recommend that you also request for the Minutes which can be reviewed. 

Levied Special Assessments
N/A
No, not since the budget. 

Reserve Fund
N/A
$1,770,174.69 as of June 30, 2025 (Unaudited)  

Modification Agreements
N/A
No

*It is the purchaser’s obligation to inspect the premises and confirm that there are no unauthorized modifications to the unit. 

Insurance
N/A
Yes - See Note 1
Legal Proceedings/Claims involving the Condo Corporation. 

N/A
Yes

Please see Note 6

Reserve Fund Study
N/A
See Note 2


Notes, Rules & Regulations
	•	Lifestyles Restrictions - This condominium may have restrictions on lifestyle choices, including but not limited to the following:
	•	single family use versus non-related persons;
	•	pets;
	•	barbeques;
	•	balconies / patios;
	•	awnings;
	•	gardens;
	•	short-term rentals;
	•	cannabis/tobacco smoking; and
	•	use of amenities.
There are Rules relating to the use of the unit and common elements, which I encourage you to read.  Rules often impact lifestyle choices which are not legal issues considered by your lawyer.

Note 1 – Insurance:
Please note that the existing insurance is only valid until May 18, 2026.
Kindly procure an updated policy binder from the Condo Corporation upon expiration of the current policy. 
Each unit owner is responsible for insuring any contents in and improvements to their individual units. As well, each owner’s insurance policy should include third party liability insurance, reimbursement for living expenses outside of your unit and protection against any deductible charges that might accrue to the unit owner from the Condominium Corporation. 

Note 2 – Budget and Reserve Fund:
The most recent Reserve Fund Stud was completed in February 2025. The Act requires the Condominium Corporation to conduct a Reserve Funds Study once every three years. 
The annual contribution to be made to the Reserve Fund in the current fiscal year is $546,307.
The Condominium Corporation anticipates $68,900 in Reserve Fund expenditure in the current fiscal year. 


Note 3 – Pet rules, include but not limited to: 






Note 4 – Tenancy rules/Leasing rules, include but not limited to: 
Please note, if the Property Owner plans on leasing the Unit, Property Management must be notified. Property Management may require additional information and documentation from the Owner of the Unit prior to the commencement of the lease. 


Additional Leasing information is available in S. 4.8 of the Condominium Declaration. Please ensure to read these provisions in detail prior to leasing out the subject unit.

Note 5– Use


Note 6 – Legal Proceedings



Note 7 – Prior Special Assessments


Note 8 – Underground Garage Repairs



